Update readme (#104)
rust-marker/marker: README.md

<h1 align="center">Marker</h1>
<p align="center">
    <br/>
    <img height=200 src="misc/logo.png" alt="Marker logo"/>
</p>

<br/>

[![Bors enabled](https://bors.tech/images/badge_small.svg)](https://app.bors.tech/repositories/46214)
![CI Status](https://github.com/rust-marker/marker/actions/workflows/rust_bors.yml/badge.svg)

> **A project trying to implement a stable linting API for Rust.**

Reviewer: I just saw that this is different than the project description on GitHub.

> An experimental linting interface for Rust. Let's make custom lints a reality!

Which one do you like better?

> **Note**
>

> > The project is in the very early stages of development, not everything is implemented yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The project is in the very early stages of development, some things are still missing and the API is still unstable.
```

## Status

What works:

> - A few of example lints, which can be found in the `marker_lints` directory
> - Partial AST representation and API, both of which are in rapid development
> - Prototype `rustc` driver, to run the lints (being developed along with the API)

Reviewer: The wording here is a bit weird, I'd say either make it a bullet point list or whole sentences. What do you think about this:

```suggestion
- A basic Item and Pattern representation is available. Expressions and types are partially implement.
- Dynamic libraries can be loaded as *lint crates*. A few example lints, can be found in the `marker_lints` directory
- The API separated from the driver and translation layer. Rustc is currently the only backend development along with the API
```

> What doesn't work:
> - API is very much incomplete, but completing it is the main focus of the project right now
> - No integration with `rust-analyzer` or other drivers, only `rustc` as of now
> - ...and a lot more things! Check out [issues](https://github.com/rust-marker/marker/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) if you want to help

Reviewer: What do you think about this? I think it sounds more optimistic, but at the same time might be too much. I'm currently really hyped for the project and in life :3

```suggestion
What's next:
- The main goal is to complete the AST representation, and start on user tests
- A focus is also set on tooling. Working with marker should be simple and fun for lint developers and users.
- The project is designed to support multiple drivers and unify code analysis for Rust. Additional, drivers like `rust-analyzer` will be investigated.
- ...and a lot more things! Check out the open issues [issues](https://github.com/rust-marker/marker/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc)

Sounds interesting?
* Do you have a lint idea? Help us out by creating a [user story](https://github.com/rust-marker/design/issues/new?assignees=&labels=A-user-story&template=user-story.md&title=)
* Have you found a bug or have suggestions? Please [create an issue](https://github.com/rust-marker/marker/issues/new), any kind of feedback or question is welcome!
* Do you want to help? Even better, check out [open issues](https://github.com/rust-marker/marker/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) or request help.
```

<h1 align="center">Marker</h1>
<p align="center">
    <br/>
    <img height=200 src="res/logo.svg" alt="Marker logo"/>
</p>

<br/>

[![Bors enabled](https://bors.tech/images/badge_small.svg)](https://app.bors.tech/repositories/46214)
![CI Status](https://github.com/rust-marker/marker/actions/workflows/rust_bors.yml/badge.svg)

**An experimental linting interface for Rust. Let's make custom lints a reality!**

> **Note**
>
> The project is in the very early stages of development, some things are still missing and the API is not stable yet.

## Status

What works:
- A basic Item and Pattern representation is available. Expressions and types are partially implemented
- Dynamic libraries can be loaded as *lint crates*. A few example lints can be found in the `marker_lints` directory

> - The API separated from the driver and translation layer. Rustc is currently the only backend development along with the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The API is separated from the driver and translation layer. Rustc is currently the only backend development along with the API
```

What's next:
- The main goal is to complete the AST representation, and start on user tests
- A focus is also set on tooling. Working with marker should be simple and fun for lint developers and users.
- The project is designed to support multiple drivers and unify code analysis for Rust. Additionally, drivers like `rust-analyzer` will be investigated.

> - ...and a lot more things! Check out the open issues [issues](https://github.com/rust-marker/marker/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ...and a lot more things! Check out the open [issues](https://github.com/rust-marker/marker/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc)
```
